There are 5 directories of test results.

Blocks, Elevator, Freecell, Logisitics, and Schedule.

Each contains results for the track1 and the track2 planners. The
results are stored in files named after the *logins* of the planning
systems. Here is a map from login names to planning system names.

filename   System
blackbox   BlackBox
edelkamp   Mips
flin       System R
hoffmann   FF
hsp        HSP2
ipp        IPP
pbr        PbR
propplan   PropPlan
shop       SHOP
soweare    TokenPlan
stanplan   STAN
stoerr     BDDPlan
talplan    TALplanner
yochan     AltAlt
yrefanid   GRT


See http://www.cs.toronto.edu/aips2000
the competition homepage for more information on the authors of the
above systems.

Format of results
-----------------
Each planner's results are stored in a separate file under the file
names indicated above. Each file contains one line per problem
solved. With

<problem-name>, cpu time to solve, length of solution, <solution...>

Where <problem-name> is the same name as specified in the pddl file
(in the matching 2000-Tests directory), and <solution...> is the
sequence of fully instantiated operators that is the solution found by
the planner.

Excell Files
------------
Finally, in each directory are some excell spreadsheets. I'm afraid
that there is scant documentation on them. But each worksheet has a
"data" sheet. If you want to compare your own planner with the
existing results, you can add a data in the data sheet, in column A is
the "size" of the problem, B the login name system, C the proper
system name, D the name of the problem (each pddl problem file
specifies the name of the problem, you can match up the problems with
the results by looking at the problem files directories), E the time
taken (all of the tests except for the Elevator domain were run on a
500MHz Pentium III with 1GB of RAM, the Elevator was run on a 450MHz
Pentium III with 256 MB of RAM), F the number of steps in the plan,
and G the string OK if the result was verified.

Then on "sheet4" there are 4 columns per planner that obtain their
data from the "data" sheet. You should be able to simply 

 a) modify column C to add in the problems solved by your planner.
 b) copy column D, E, F, G to a new set of columns at the right of
    the sheet. You might need to modify the formulas to access the
    right cells.
 c) modify the data series of the charting sheets, "time all" and
    "#steps all" to also plot your data.
 
Additionally if in "sheet2" you type in the names of two filenames in
F1 and J1, the "Time" and "#Steps" sheets will display a direct
comparision of these two planners.
